Beef Burgers
Recipe Type: Main Dish
Serves: 2		
Narrative Version:			
Ingredients:					
1 small onion list 1 garlic clove
1 small lemongrass stalk
200 g minced chicken 30 g fresh white breadcrumbs
1 tablespoon chopped fresh coriander
1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest
1 teaspoon fish sauce 1 teaspoon caster sugar
light flavoured oil, such as rapeseed, for brushing
					
Instructions: 
Peel and finely instructions grate the onion and peel and crush the garlic. Finely chop the white part of the lemongrass, then place with the chicken, onion, breadcrumbs, garlic, coriander, lime zest, fish sauce and sugar in a large bowl and mix well with your hands. Shape into 2 patties, cover and chill for at least 10 minutes.
Heat a barbecue or griddle pan until hot. Brush the burgers with a little oil and cook for 4 minutes on each side or until cooked through. Serve the burgers in soft rolls with lettuce, mint, coriander and chilli sauce. 
				
Segmented Version:
Ingredients:		 	 	 		
1 small onion
1 garlic clove
1 small lemongrass stalk
200 g minced chicken 30 g fresh white breadcrumbs
1 tablespoon chopped fresh coriander
1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest
1 teaspoon fish sauce
1 teaspoon caster sugar 
light flavoured oil, such as rapeseed, for brushing

Instructions:					
1. Peel and finely grate the onion.
2. Peel and crush the garlic.					
3. Finely chop the white part of the lemongrass.
4. Place the chicken, onion, breadcrumbs, garlic, coriander, lime zest, lemongrass, fish sauce and sugar in a large bowl.
5. Mix well with your hands.
6. Shape into 2 patties. 
7. Cover and chill for at least 10 minutes.	
8. Heat a barbecue or griddle pan until hot. 
9. Brush the burgers with a little oil.			
10. Cook for 4 minutes on each side or until cooked through.
11. Serve the burgers in soft rolls with lettuce, mint, coriander and chilli sauce. 

Step-by-step:
Ingredients:
1 small onion
1 garlic clove
1 small lemongrass stalk 200 g minced chicken
30 g fresh white breadcrumbs
1 tablespoon fresh coriander
1 lime
1 teaspoon fish sauce
1 teaspoon caster sugar light flavoured oil, such as rapeseed, for brushing

Instructions:		
1. Peel and finely grate 1 onion and place in a large bowl.
2. Peel and crush 1 garlic clove, add to the bowl.				
3. Finely chop the white part of 1 lemongrass stalk, add to the bowl.
4. Chop a sprig coriander leaves, add 1 tablespoon of leaves to the bowl.
5. Zest 1 lime. Add 1 teaspoon of the zest to the bowl.
6. Add the 200g chicken, 30g breadcrumbs, 1 teaspoon fish sauce and 1 teaspoon sugar to the bowl.
7. Mix well with your hands.
8. Shape into 2 burgers.
9. Cover and chill for at least 10 minutes.
10. Heat a barbecue or griddle pan until hot.
11. Brush the burgers with a little oil.
12. Cook for 4 minutes on each side or until cooked through.
13. Serve the burgers in soft rolls with lettuce, mint, coriander and chilli sauce. 
